This goal of this project is to take generate story content for the use in an interactive fiction engine.  It takes a user's minimal idea for a story (the kernel) and expand its it with not additional user involvement into a full story for use with the engine.

The generation code has been through several major rewrites.  The current structure is a series of stages, each stage consisting of several prompts to be evaluated by a local ai model (currently qwen 3.8, but not set in stone):

step 1) taking kernel from user
   currently a no-op, the kernel is just passed in
step 2) kernel filtration
   currently allows the application of a content-rating ceiling to rewrite the kernel if need to obey the rating.
step 3) kernel extraction
   currently analyzes the kernel for different aspects that we want to build the story out of.
step 3.5) premise expansion
   intial step from the kernel to generating content
step 3.75) craft spine
   ensures the generated story will possess interesting writing constructs
step 4) outline generation
   this stage (not complete) is an iterative build-out of an outline

The current prompts are in prompts/ and current generated output (up to 3.5v) is in stories/.  In docs/ are an *OLD* strategy.txt and a current document describing the idea of step 4.

What is working:
*) the current strategy seem to be heading in the right direction overall
*) the generated output from the model is very reasonable and making good decisions

What smells wrong:
*) the validation phases 3.5v and 3.75v (and maybe 3h) are made to *find* problems with 3.5 and 3.75, but don't correct the problems into a new/improved 3.5 or 3.75 output.  I think that's a problem as there is no place that actually does this.
*) some reasoning traces seem excessively long and repetitive.  The actual reasoning is quite good and I *do not* want to degrade it, but if we could remove some repitition we could likely speed up the runs
*) step 4a probably needs to be split into two prompts (first run and subsequent runs)

What we want to do:
P1) inspect step 4 and integrate into main.py, modifying as needed. note that the current 4a prompt is a multi-mode abomination, probably needs to be split into a first pass and then iterative prompt.  main.py currently doesn't have support for an iterative step, so that would need to be supported.
P2) look into validation phases from 3.5 and 3.75 (possibly 3h as well) and ensure recomendations are actually implemented somewhere in the overall architecture
P3) look over all prompts and make improvements/corrections as needed
P4) take a thorough look at the overall process and if additional steps are needed to make a better product, make them.
